# MASG
microphone array speech generator in room acoustic.

## Functions Implemented
It is used to simulate the speech data received by microphone array of various shapes in room acoustic environment, including clean speech (clean), reverberation speech (clean rever), noisy speech (clean noise), noisy and reverberation speech (clean rever niose) and corresponding noise signal (noise).

## Packages Required

numpy, matplotlib, scipy, glob, pyroomacoustics [1], add_noise_for_multichannel [2]

## Version Information 

### Release 0.1

[1] The generator used for single sentence test, and verifies the accuracy of the data set generator.

### Release 0.2

[1] The generator is encapsulated as a function, which is executed in the form of call, and is convenient for the generation of large-scale microphone array speech data.
[2] Automatic output of microphone array signal generated by circulation.

### Release 0.3

[1] Using the encapsulated generator function, the speech data set is read automatically and circularly, to generate the microphone array speech in room acoustic.

[2] Support simultaneous generation of microphone array signals with four signal-to-noise ratios (-5dB, 0dB, 5dB, 10dB) and seven reverberation times (200ms, 300ms, 400ms, 500ms, 600ms, 700ms, 800ms).

## References

[1] R. Scheibler, E. Bezzam and I. Dokmanić, "Pyroomacoustics: A Python Package for Audio Room Simulation and Array Processing Algorithms," 2018 IEEE International Conference on Acoustics, Speech and Signal Processing (ICASSP), Calgary, AB, 2018, pp. 351-355.

[2] ITU-T (1993). Objective measurement of active speech level. ITU-T Recommendation P. 56
